this episode of The Young Turks is
brought to you by goto meeting online
meetings made easy get a free trial i
goto meeting.com click on the try it
free button and enter the promo code
turks the health department in new york
is thinking about creating these bar
codes on the letter grades for
restaurants and what you do is you just
swipe your smartphone on the barcode and
it tells you the reason why the
restaurant got the grade that it did so
let's say the restaurant got a b and
you're curious to see why you gotta be
all you do is you swipe your cell phone
across the barcode and you'll find out
that there were rat droppings in the
porridge i don't yeah whatever it is I'm
totally against this no I love it why I
don't want to know man I know there's
bad stuff going back going on in the
kitchen I just don't want to know it use
your phone you don't have to do the
swipe you swipe you're fine
I hear you and I know that I'm supposed
to be in favor of transparency being the
live pro-democracy the guy that I am
but look you don't want to find that
stuff out just eat the damn thing you'll
be fine no I want to find out I like the
idea but you know what you know you know
why I'm against it it's not because I'm
gonna do this YP swipe and I would put
it is that when you go out with a bunch
of friends who are gonna group or
somebody somebody's gonna do it then you
say oh did you know that this had mice
drivers did you know that this has
cockroaches yeah yeah they all do shut
up about it right and then we're just
gonna take us like an hour longer to go
find a restaurant it's it's such a good
idea because I don't know if New York
has the same as California with you know
you have the ABC ratings you know and
then like the a is in blue the B is in
green in the season red you're like all
if they got to see everybody
speculate you're like it only gets to
see if somebody's rats in there
it only gets to be if they have this
scenario if it's between a clear head
like an 89% if they yeah true this one
thing so everybody speculates and we
don't really know and it's much people
act like they know what the problem was
well how the hell do we know how the
Health Department came up with the
rating for this random restaurant so
it's good we get to know a little bit of
something else and there's no more of
the speculation we get like you can say
you know I can um you can see if it's a
low B or high B like it's 89
can do it if it's an 81 you like they're
on the precipice of rats in their
kitchen and you like you get to make a
decision you're more educated no I love
being able to make educated decisions
look there was a study release that
talked about how people are ignoring
calorie postings right the Health
Department thought look if we post
calories or the food and the amount of
calories it contains then people are
gonna be less likely to eat the fatty
burgers they're gonna make healthier
choices some people actually the
majority of Americans completely ignore
the calorie postings right except I
don't and there are people that don't
and there are people who actually love
it right and I'm one of those people I
love knowing how many calories is in my
food I love knowing if there are rat
droppings you know in the chef's kitchen
I want to know as much as I can about
the food that I'm eating so there are
people who are definitely gonna love
this and by the way the most interesting
part about this story is it's not just
restaurants now like museums are using
barcodes so you swipe your phone and you
learn about a particular artifact that's
at the Museum there are barcodes
everywhere you just swipe you swipe left
and right and you learn things which is
cool so pretty soon this is my theory
we're not going to have to talk to one
another we're all gonna have barcodes on
our asses and all people do is they just
do a quick swipe with their smartphone
and bam you know everything you need to
know about the person's history you know
whether or not they were a cheater you
know about their financial situation
done Anna you almost had me
I like the swipe you swipe on the
monuments and you find out about the
history that sounds really good and then
the swipe you swipe on your ass and you
find out what the guys or the girl is
about that's awesome and then you got
into oh you find out if he's a cheater
and what does financial records oh no
that's terrible I don't want to know
that no and I don't want somebody swipe
you swiping my ass
so Jake's been in New York it really
sucks because we have to have all these
meetings to pick out what kind of clips
that we want for YouTube and sometimes
he's on this weird technology where
every single move like that because it
cuts out but what we started using is
goto meeting goto meeting is awesome
they have their technology figured out
awesome audio great video we have me
as if he's in the studio there with us
get a free trial i goto meeting.com
click on the try it free button and
enter the promo code turks